well you know lots of things have been
going on as you know with Larry NASA and
the gymnasts and so we want to bring you
just something that we came across today
father's rage was on full display during
Olympic dr. Larry NASA sentencing this
morning when the dad of three daughters
who NASA sexually abused one in his day
in court asking for five minutes alone
with this man take a look yeah okay we
also I have a feeling that that is not
no sir I can't you give me one minute I
you know that I can't do that that's not
how our legal
now you know it is one of those things
because we all think oh if I could have
just said I could have been but I the
reason I'm so glad that we could show
you this is because I wanted people to
hear the the judge saying this is not
how we can do this sure it does but I'm
I'm glad to hear somebody say look this
is this is the system we have this is
how it works and it's not always great
and it's not always pleasant and this
John like this judge cuz this judge is
like look you are here everybody and
what this is your statement yeah okay
here's that for your statement I liked
the fact that she said look I I can't
imagine
but we can't do it we can't give
everybody and somebody will be alone
with him there because there's child
molester
you know what I'm saying I just think
the most powerful testimony is still for
me as little girls grow up to be strong
women and we're gonna destroy your world
if this kind of thing continues to go
yeah but also we're not it's not gonna
happen again like with the cover-up
that's coming out on this like the many
people that shielded this man over and
over again that's what this just is
that's my point
yeah she is not doing that she is
changing and making sure everybody
recognizes that this is how we do it
this is how you supposed to do it she's
a female judge and she's like yeah
you're going to hear everything because
you need to know and that's why I want
to see more women in the judiciary
because women understand what what that
means because they've gone through it
I've had people do what's interesting is
this is the second female judge he's
been in front of and the first female
judge let over a hundred victims talk
now you got another female judge it's
doing the same thing yeah so you can
understand this it's really see myself
doing yeah of course Mitch I don't think
anybody in this room who has kids
doesn't see them so simple as that God
may forgive him but we will not thought
seconds could get to me you know that's
why God created hell but so I'm told
for people just like that man will be
right that's not happy